Public API:
  org.relaxng.datatype 
  org.relaxng.datatype.helpers

  com.thaiopensource.util 
  com.thaiopensource.validate 
  com.thaiopensource.validate.auto 
  com.thaiopensource.validate.nrl 
  com.thaiopensource.validate.rng 
  com.thaiopensource.validate.schematron 
  com.thaiopensource.validate.xerces 
  com.thaiopensource.xml.sax

  com.thaiopensource.relaxng.jarv



Import-Package
  com.icl.saxon                         => only needed optionally for Schematron (OldSaxonSchemaReaderFactory)
  javax.xml.parsers                     
  javax.xml.transform                   
  javax.xml.transform.dom               
  javax.xml.transform.sax               
  javax.xml.transform.stream            
  javax.xml.validation                  
  net.sf.saxon                          => only needed optionally for Schematron (NewSaxonSchemaReaderFactory)
  org.apache.tools.ant                  => only needed for JingTask
  org.apache.tools.ant.types            => only needed for JingTask
  org.apache.xalan.processor            => needed for optionally Schematron (XalanSchemaReaderFactory)
  org.apache.xerces.impl                => only needed for XML Schema validation (com.thaiopensource.validate.xerces)
  org.apache.xerces.impl.validation     |
  org.apache.xerces.impl.xpath.regex    | => also used for RegexImpl (declared as a Service)
  org.apache.xerces.impl.xs             |
  org.apache.xerces.parsers             |
  org.apache.xerces.util                |
  org.apache.xerces.xni                 |
  org.apache.xerces.xni.grammars        |
  org.apache.xerces.xni.parser          |
  org.apache.xml.resolver               => only needed for OASIS XML Catalog support
  org.apache.xml.resolver.helpers       |
  org.apache.xml.resolver.readers       |
  org.iso_relax.verifier                => only needed for JARV
  org.w3c.dom.ls                        
  org.xml.sax                           
  org.xml.sax.ext                       
  org.xml.sax.helpers                   



[USES]
com.thaiopensource.datatype             com.thaiopensource.util
                                        org.relaxng.datatype
com.thaiopensource.datatype.xsd         com.thaiopensource.datatype
                                        com.thaiopensource.datatype.xsd.regex
                                        com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.util
                                        org.relaxng.datatype
                                        org.relaxng.datatype.helpers
com.thaiopensource.datatype.xsd.regex   
com.thaiopensource.datatype.xsd.regex.java
                                        com.thaiopensource.datatype.xsd.regex
                                        com.thaiopensource.util
com.thaiopensource.datatype.xsd.regex.xerces2
                                        com.thaiopensource.datatype.xsd.regex
                                        org.apache.xerces.impl.xpath.regex
com.thaiopensource.relaxng              com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.auto
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.prop.rng
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.rng
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.sax
                                        org.relaxng.datatype
                                        org.xml.sax
com.thaiopensource.relaxng.jaxp         com.thaiopensource.datatype.xsd
                                        com.thaiopensource.datatype.xsd.regex
                                        com.thaiopensource.datatype.xsd.regex.java
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.match
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse.compact
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.pattern
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.ls
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.validation
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.util
                                        javax.xml.transform.sax
                                        javax.xml.validation
                                        org.relaxng.datatype
                                        org.w3c.dom.ls
                                        org.xml.sax
com.thaiopensource.relaxng.match        com.thaiopensource.datatype
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse.compact
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.pattern
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.util
                                        javax.xml.transform.sax
                                        org.relaxng.datatype
                                        org.xml.sax
com.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse        com.thaiopensource.resolver
                                        org.relaxng.datatype
                                        org.xml.sax
com.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse.compactcom.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver
                                        com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.util
                                        org.xml.sax
                                        org.xml.sax.helpers
com.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse.sax    com.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.util
                                        javax.xml.transform.sax
                                        org.relaxng.datatype
                                        org.xml.sax
                                        org.xml.sax.helpers
com.thaiopensource.relaxng.pattern      com.thaiopensource.datatype
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.match
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse
                                        com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.util
                                        org.relaxng.datatype
                                        org.relaxng.datatype.helpers
                                        org.xml.sax
                                        org.xml.sax.helpers
com.thaiopensource.relaxng.sax          com.thaiopensource.relaxng.match
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.pattern
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.util
                                        org.xml.sax
com.thaiopensource.relaxng.util         com.thaiopensource.datatype
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.catalog
                                        com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.auto
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.prop.rng
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.prop.schematron
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.rng
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.sax
                                        org.apache.tools.ant
                                        org.apache.tools.ant.types
                                        org.xml.sax
com.thaiopensource.resolver             
com.thaiopensource.resolver.catalog     com.thaiopensource.resolver
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.sax
                                        javax.xml.transform.sax
                                        org.apache.xml.resolver
                                        org.apache.xml.resolver.helpers
                                        org.apache.xml.resolver.readers
                                        org.xml.sax
com.thaiopensource.resolver.load        com.thaiopensource.resolver
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.transform
                                        javax.xml.transform
                                        org.xml.sax
com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml         com.thaiopensource.resolver
com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.ls      com.thaiopensource.resolver
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml
                                        org.w3c.dom.ls
com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.sax     com.thaiopensource.resolver
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml
                                        javax.xml.parsers
                                        javax.xml.transform.sax
                                        org.xml.sax
                                        org.xml.sax.ext
com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.transformcom.thaiopensource.resolver
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.sax
                                        javax.xml.transform
                                        javax.xml.transform.sax
                                        org.xml.sax
com.thaiopensource.util                 
com.thaiopensource.validate             com.thaiopensource.resolver
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.transform
                                        com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.auto
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.sax
                                        javax.xml.transform
                                        javax.xml.transform.sax
                                        org.xml.sax
com.thaiopensource.validate.auto        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate
                                        javax.xml.transform.sax
                                        org.xml.sax
                                        org.xml.sax.helpers
com.thaiopensource.validate.jarv        com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate
                                        javax.xml.transform.sax
                                        org.iso_relax.verifier
                                        org.xml.sax
                                        org.xml.sax.helpers
com.thaiopensource.validate.mns         com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.auto
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.prop.wrap
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.rng
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.util
                                        org.xml.sax
                                        org.xml.sax.helpers
com.thaiopensource.validate.nrl         com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.auto
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.prop.wrap
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.rng
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.util
                                        javax.xml.transform.sax
                                        org.xml.sax
                                        org.xml.sax.helpers
com.thaiopensource.validate.nvdl        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.auto
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.prop.wrap
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.rng
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.util
                                        javax.xml.transform.sax
                                        org.xml.sax
                                        org.xml.sax.helpers
com.thaiopensource.validate.picl        com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.auto
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.rng
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.util
                                        org.xml.sax
                                        org.xml.sax.helpers
com.thaiopensource.validate.prop.rng    com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate
                                        org.relaxng.datatype
com.thaiopensource.validate.prop.schematroncom.thaiopensource.validate
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.util
com.thaiopensource.validate.prop.wrap   com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.util
com.thaiopensource.validate.rng         com.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse.compact
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.pattern
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.auto
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.prop.rng
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.rng.impl
                                        javax.xml.transform.sax
                                        org.xml.sax
com.thaiopensource.validate.rng.impl    com.thaiopensource.datatype
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.parse
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.pattern
                                        com.thaiopensource.relaxng.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.auto
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.prop.rng
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.prop.wrap
                                        javax.xml.transform.sax
                                        org.relaxng.datatype
                                        org.xml.sax
com.thaiopensource.validate.schematron  com.icl.saxon
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.transform
                                        com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.prop.rng
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.prop.schematron
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.rng
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.sax
                                        javax.xml.transform
                                        javax.xml.transform.sax
                                        javax.xml.transform.stream
                                        net.sf.saxon
                                        org.apache.xalan.processor
                                        org.xml.sax
                                        org.xml.sax.helpers
com.thaiopensource.validate.xerces      com.thaiopensource.util
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate
                                        com.thaiopensource.validate.prop.wrap
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.util
                                        javax.xml.transform.sax
                                        org.apache.xerces.impl
                                        org.apache.xerces.impl.validation
                                        org.apache.xerces.impl.xs
                                        org.apache.xerces.parsers
                                        org.apache.xerces.util
                                        org.apache.xerces.xni
                                        org.apache.xerces.xni.grammars
                                        org.apache.xerces.xni.parser
                                        org.xml.sax
com.thaiopensource.validation           com.thaiopensource.resolver
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.ls
                                        com.thaiopensource.resolver.xml.sax
                                        com.thaiopensource.xml.sax
                                        javax.xml.transform
                                        javax.xml.transform.dom
                                        javax.xml.transform.sax
                                        javax.xml.transform.stream
                                        javax.xml.validation
                                        org.w3c.dom.ls
                                        org.xml.sax
                                        org.xml.sax.ext
com.thaiopensource.xml.out              com.thaiopensource.util
com.thaiopensource.xml.sax              com.thaiopensource.util
                                        javax.xml.parsers
                                        org.xml.sax
                                        org.xml.sax.ext
                                        org.xml.sax.helpers
com.thaiopensource.xml.util             
org.relaxng.datatype                    
org.relaxng.datatype.helpers            org.relaxng.datatype
